let's make some bread so this time I
have a special recipe and it got a
recipe for bread and we need very
sequiny we so the ingredients are so 2
cups of water make sure it's a word
water and active right least right this
type of piece it's very good and 4 cups
of love so what I'm gonna do first I'm
gonna add 1 spoon of salt
one spoon of soap of course you can add
more soap if you like salty then I'm
gonna add one teaspoon of dry
now I'm gonna mix all this together just
to make sure the soul and the east goes
home and it's not one place just to give
you a steer see I'm gonna make a hole
here like so I'm gonna add the water
now I'm gonna start steering you're
gonna steal more in the middle and then
the flowers gonna keep back
so don't worry everything looks like a
mess like it looks now you should be
look that way I'm gonna keep steer this
is gonna look like this
sweetie now I'm gonna take these up I'm
gonna come with this and what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna leave it in the open the
oven it's off and it's gonna sit for
like four hours
all right all right so now after 12
hours let's see how the dough looks like
so I keep it endure like I said because
it's a really good thank you you know
exactly
well that way you want to put your door
right any type of bread it makes you
wanna when to toe it's growing you wanna
keep in a place that it's not cold
pterence you know is that it's gonna
like stop the dog growing so now our
dough Wow look how it is slice and
bubbles right like that you guys see
double the sides it's still very
speaking so now what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna take this dough out and not fan
right I'm gonna put a baking paper and
I'm gonna sprinkle some flour on top
like that now I'm gonna take these out
oh it's nice bubbly like that and what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna flip it over just
like that
you're gonna sprinkle some flour on the
top and now I'm gonna let it seep right
in the oven I'm gonna put it back in the
oven for like another two hours to grow
and you guys gonna see after we're not
gonna grow like off but it's gonna kind
of like spread around all right
just cover me with a power nice and
believe me for another two hours to grow
all right so now after two hours let's
see how the dough looks like wow it's
like big look at that nice and beautiful
as you can see this is a flatbread right
and this is exactly I was supposed to be
so now what I'm gonna do I'm gonna put
my open so 400 and 400 425 pour on
values for 400 Fahrenheit let oven
preheat and then I'm gonna put this
inside for like 30 35 minutes all right
see you off all right so this is our
brand I took it out that let it cool
down and it looks like this wow look at
this bread amazing crispy on the outside
right here is that now guys like this
this is a dependent recipe so special
thanks to Jordanna for for this recipe
this is a that's why it's called
ciabatta because it's like these you
guys can see a nice flat and Avery
breath so now let's let's cut it then
take a look inside look at that nice
Avery
crispy bread Wow
and it looks delicious
bye nice
if you guys want a piece of this please
subscribe leave a comment and see
you